STL/README.md, before:

# STL files

by C.Y. Tan 2024

These STL files were created with
[OpenSCAD](https://openscad.org/downloads.html) version 2024.11.04
from the source code in the _source_ directory. These files are loaded
into a slicer program like the [Ultimaker
CURA](https://ultimaker.com/software/ultimaker-cura/) generating the
g-code for 3D printing.

## Common STL files

The following STL files are common for every type of possible trays:

* **clamp_screw.stl** the clamp screw.
* **mount_attachment.stl** the mount attachment.

## Map compass tray

This tray fits the map compass made by _Sun Company ProMap Compass_
    available from [Amazon](https://www.amazon.com/Sun-Company-ProMap-Compass-Orienteering/dp/B0BSB7CK6H/ref=sr_1_1?crid=ZWZMW4UPDAT9&dib=eyJ2IjoiMSJ9.PTZqovFsVuQk3P45Le2lTuAsgPY44nySoG10m8s-QUuoT1wN7dO-BFimQgfy31KC_YmA8sLe666aclBQXb9lEbcNqpF3awJ3ZINpGZ0XESWjY2NOR7VNBA1JpDoWsMifdDZDIUJLesX8HBHJGt1RxLk3mVy5rUpbl2KBz1uPtOPo6wgXmPjslWVs-K_GiZJGgon0kJY_P5RN482iRCkKOnEb71ZqvgoTGo_J1YwDRO4qFGxL4XH927XOVDhtrkYt692_lA3Ms2lrfuJUiz-jFO6ViczCguzPnb_2_r6vVZA.qHjP3ISotJTO9xLwJP26toHr-h7VLB3HC0Cjn3-bgD4&dib_tag=se&keywords=Sun+Company+ProMap+Compass&qid=1731036913&sprefix=sun+company+promap+compass%2Caps%2C430&sr=8-1)
	
* **map_compass_tray.stl** the tray that fits the Sun Company
  ProMap compass.

## Specialized STL files

I made a phone tray for my iPhone SE. Here's the STL file. Note:
  Every iPhone generation has different dimensions and
  so the OpenSCAD source code will have to be modified for your
  iPhone. See _source/README.md_ for instructions. Of course, the same
  instructions apply for Android phones as well.
  
* **iphone_tray.stl** the tray that fits the iPhone SE with case. 


## Support

All the software have been successfully compiled with OpenSCAD version
2024.10.28.

This is unsupported software and hardware. Build at your own peril! :)

You can submit questions or bug reports using the
[issues](https://github.com/cytan299/Mach2GTO_compass/issues) tab 
and then clicking on **New Issue**.

## Copyright

All the software that I have written is copyright 2024 C.Y. Tan.

All software is released under GPLv3.

Commit message:

Added Mach1GTO compass tray source, pics and STL files. Updated all README.md's to include Mach1GTO descriptions.

STL/README.md, after:

# STL files

by C.Y. Tan 2024/2025

These STL files were created with
[OpenSCAD](https://openscad.org/downloads.html) version 2024.11.04
from the source code in the _source_ directory. These files are loaded
into a slicer program like the [Ultimaker
CURA](https://ultimaker.com/software/ultimaker-cura/) generating the
g-code for 3D printing.

## STL files

The STL files for the Mach2GTO and Mach1GTO attachments are
in
* _mach2gto_
  * **clamp_screw.stl** the clamp screw.
  * **mount_attachment.stl** the mount attachment.
* _mach1gto_
  * **mach1gto_attachment.stl** the mount attachment. No clamp screw
    is required.

### Map compass tray stl

Both the Mach2GTO and Mach1GTO compass tray files are called
**compass_tray.stl**. Note: The compass trays of the Mach2GTO and
Mach1GTO are mirror copies of each other.

This tray fits the map compass made by _Sun Company ProMap Compass_
    available from [Amazon](https://www.amazon.com/Sun-Company-ProMap-Compass-Orienteering/dp/B0BSB7CK6H/ref=sr_1_1?crid=ZWZMW4UPDAT9&dib=eyJ2IjoiMSJ9.PTZqovFsVuQk3P45Le2lTuAsgPY44nySoG10m8s-QUuoT1wN7dO-BFimQgfy31KC_YmA8sLe666aclBQXb9lEbcNqpF3awJ3ZINpGZ0XESWjY2NOR7VNBA1JpDoWsMifdDZDIUJLesX8HBHJGt1RxLk3mVy5rUpbl2KBz1uPtOPo6wgXmPjslWVs-K_GiZJGgon0kJY_P5RN482iRCkKOnEb71ZqvgoTGo_J1YwDRO4qFGxL4XH927XOVDhtrkYt692_lA3Ms2lrfuJUiz-jFO6ViczCguzPnb_2_r6vVZA.qHjP3ISotJTO9xLwJP26toHr-h7VLB3HC0Cjn3-bgD4&dib_tag=se&keywords=Sun+Company+ProMap+Compass&qid=1731036913&sprefix=sun+company+promap+compass%2Caps%2C430&sr=8-1)
	
### Specialized STL files

I made a phone tray for my iPhone SE called the **iphone_tray.stl**
that fits the SE with case. Note: The iphone trays of the Mach2GTO and
Mach1GTO are mirror copies of each other.

Note:
  Every iPhone generation has different dimensions and
  so the OpenSCAD source code will have to be modified for your
  iPhone. See _source/README.md_ for instructions. Of course, the same
  instructions apply for Android phones as well.
  
## Support

All the software have been successfully compiled with OpenSCAD version
2024.10.28.

This is unsupported software and hardware. Build at your own peril! :)

You can submit questions or bug reports using the
[issues](https://github.com/cytan299/Mach2GTO_compass/issues) tab 
and then clicking on **New Issue**.

## Copyright

All the software that I have written is copyright 2024/2025 C.Y. Tan.

All software is released under GPLv3.
